Improve clarity in code and docs (#1052)
flyteorg/flytesnacks: docs/getting_started/package_register.md

- Uses the `PROJECT_NAME` specified in the `pyflyte init` command, which in
  this case is `my_project`.
- Will not use any remote registry.

> - Uses the git revision SHA1 to version your tasks and workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uses the git revision ID (the SHA hash) to version your tasks and workflows.
```

- `--archive`: This argument allows you to pass in a package file, which in
  this case is `flyte-package.tgz`.
- `--version`: This is a version string that can be any string, but we recommend

>   using the git revision in general, especially in production use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  using the git revision ID (the SHA hash), especially in production use cases.
```
